Niche targeting for marketers (#439)
readthedocs/ethicalads.io: content/posts/2024-niche-targeting-marketing-post.md

> Title: AI-Powered Niche Targeting for Developer Marketers

Reviewer: The filename here feels weird? We should do something like `niche-targeting-for-marketers`.

Author: Renamed

If you have a product that helps with Kubernetes setups,
reaching developers already struggling with Kubernetes' complexity (and searching Google for solutions)
was the best way. Display ads just couldn't target finely enough.

However, AI has enabled matching any developer niche to pages across our ad network.
Specifically, it can find sites and pages that pertain to Kubernetes' deployments
and show very contextually relevant ads on them.
Marketers reach the right audience and developers don't get off topic ads.

Now, you might be thinking, "AI-targeted ads and privacy? Ya right!".
However, instead of relying on data collection,
modern machine learning algorithms can analyze pages
where ads appear and see how similar they are to the ad itself, the company's website and landing pages
without needing to know anything about the user themselves.
So yes, AI-targeted ads can indeed be great for privacy.
It's like having your cake and eating it too, but without anyone spying on your cake preferences.

## Niche targeting prototype and case study

While we're still building and refining the capabilities for this targeting,
we wanted to show some early examples of just how it will work.

> Here's an [example](https://www.ethicalads.io/advertisers/similar-pages/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.mongodb.com%2Fatlas) where you can see how we're able to target ads

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's a [niche targeting example](https://www.ethicalads.io/advertisers/similar-pages/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.mongodb.com%2Fatlas) where you can see how we're able to target ads
```
